You don't talk nonsense in high-level meetings
Is there any nonsense, you know it yourself
But I'm afraid people don't know
So I have a DNA test report here
It says in black and white
Confirm no blood relationship
Luoxue Qing and Mr. Ye really have no blood relationship
Yeah I said why
Mr. Ye and Luoxue are not small at all
fake fake
It's not true.
You think you forged these reports
Clearly greedy for power
Don't want to give me back the community director position
I knew you'd say that.
So these test reports
It is a multiple inspection machine in different institutions.
You can pass it around.
That's enough!
As long as I'm at Luo's house
As soon as I hear it, I am the eldest lady of the Luo family
Don't try to replace me
You misunderstood.
I never wanted to replace you
I just want to get revenge on you.
What do you want?
Don't come here.
You are nothing more than the daughter of that lowly servant
Order you to stop me
Are you all blind?
Stop him for me
Director Lin
Although Luo Xueqin is not Mr. Ye's biological daughter
But what to do with him
Still need Mr. Ye's opinion
Yeah, don't be impulsive.
I will contact Mr. Ye now.
Don't worry.
I have always reciprocated good
I just hope
Miss Nuo
You can help out in the design department
Draw the gold design as soon as possible
What can you draw a gold medal design?
Do you think the gold award design
Is it cabbage from the vegetable market?
Just based on what you drew